# CS-250-T4166-Software-Development-Lifecycle

In order to interpret user needs it seemed the easiest way to find out what they want is to simply ask them. In the initial meeting with the client we got the information on what they wanted out of the application, and in the focus group with the application users, they told us what they were interested in seeing on the site. Once we had this information, it was easy to turn it into user stories. If the request was a larger amount of work, we would have to split it into more than one user story. Then once we had the stories, they got added into the sprint and sent to the developers and testers until they passed the definintion of done.

In developing programs in the future, I definitely plan on using agile principles. I really like the idea of not having to plan every single detail about the program out in advance, and being able to change things as neccessary. I find it more appealing as a developer, and I'm sure that the client would like to be able to change things after the project has started. I also like the fact that agile focuses so highly on communication. It is not just communication between the team, but also with the client and stakeholder. Every good team I have ever been on has had great communication, so it leads me to believe that it is imperative for success.

In order to be a good team member in an agile setting, once again I would say communication is key. Buying into the system is also extremely important, because it only takes one person not buying in to be a extreme detriment to the team. Attending all team events such as the daily scrum, sprint review, and sprint retrospective are also essential, along with being there in person and on time.
